auto-batching- bare min of the info (#10190)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/Device_Plugins.md

|------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|[Multi-Device execution](../multi_device.md) |Multi-Device enables simultaneous inference of the same model on several devices in parallel    |
|[Auto-Device selection](../auto_device_selection.md) |Auto-Device selection enables selecting Intel&reg; device for inference automatically |

> |[Heterogeneous execution](../hetero_execution.md) |Heterogeneous execution enables automatic inference splitting between several devices (for example if a device doesn't [support certain operation](#supported-layers))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Heterogeneous execution](../hetero_execution.md) |Heterogeneous execution enables automatic inference splitting between several devices (for example, if a device does not [support certain operation](#supported-layers))|
```

> |[Automatic Batching](../automatic_batching.md) | Auto-Batching plugin enables the batching (on top of the specified device)  that is completely transparent to the application |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Automatic Batching](../automatic_batching.md) | Auto-Batching plugin enables the batching on top of the specified device which is completely transparent to the application |
```
